# AWS SAA-C03 Questions 1001-1015

## Question 1001

A company tracks customer satisfaction by using surveys that the company hosts on its website. The surveys sometimes reach thousands of customers every hour. Survey results are currently sent in email messages to the company so company employees can manually review results and assess customer sentiment.

The company wants to automate the customer survey process. Survey results must be available for the previous 12 months.

Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST scalable way?

**A.** Send the survey results data to an Amazon API Gateway endpoint that is connected to an Amazon Simple Queue Service(Amazon SQS) queue. Create an AWS Lambda function to poll the SQS queue, call Amazon Comprehend for sentiment analysis, and save the results to an Amazon DynamoDB table. Set the TTL for all records to 365 days in the future.

**B.** Send the survey results data to an API that is running on an Amazon EC2 instance. Configure the API to store the surveyresults as a new record in an Amazon DynamoDB table, call Amazon Comprehend for sentiment analysis, and save the results in a second DynamoDB table. Set the TTL for all records to 365 days in the future.

**C.** Write the survey results data to an Amazon S3 bucket. Use S3 Event Notifications to invoke an AWS Lambda function to readthe data and call Amazon Rekognition for sentiment analysis. Store the sentiment analysis results in a second S3 bucket. Use S3 lifecycle policies on each bucket to expire objects after 365 days.

**D.** Send the survey results data to an Amazon API Gateway endpoint that is connected to an Amazon Simple Queue Service(Amazon SQS) queue. Configure the SQS queue to invoke an AWS Lambda function that calls Amazon Lex for sentiment analysis and saves the results to an Amazon DynamoDB table. Set the TTL for all records to 365 days in the future.
---

## Question 1002

A company uses AWS Systems Manager for routine management and patching of Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 instances are in an IP address type target group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB).

New security protocols require the company to remove EC2 instances from service during a patch. When the company attempts to follow the security protocol during the next patch, the company receives errors during the patching window.

Which combination of solutions will resolve the errors? (Choose two.)

**A.** Change the target type of the target group from IP address type to instance type.

**B.** Continue to use the existing Systems Manager document without changes because it is already optimized to handleinstances that are in an IP address type target group behind an ALB.

**C.** Implement the AWSEC2-PatchLoadBalanacerInstance Systems Manager Automation document to manage the patchingprocess.

**D.** Use Systems Manager Maintenance Windows to automatically remove the instances from service to patch the instances.

**E.** Configure Systems Manager State Manager to remove the instances from service and manage the patching schedule. UseALB health checks to re-route traffic.
---

## Question 1003

A medical company wants to perform transformations on a large amount of clinical trial data that comes from several customers. The company must extract the data from a relational database that contains the customer data. Then the company will transform the data by using a series of complex rules. The company will load the data to Amazon S3 when the transformations are complete.

All data must be encrypted where it is processed before the company stores the data in Amazon S3. All data must be encrypted by using customer-specific keys.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational effort?

**A.** Create one AWS Glue job for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each job that uses server-side encryptionwith Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3) to encrypt the data.

**B.** Create one Amazon EMR cluster for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each cluster that uses client-sideencryption with a custom client-side root key (CSE-Custom) to encrypt the data.

**C.** Create one AWS Glue job for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each job that uses client-side encryption withAWS KMS managed keys (CSE-KMS) to encrypt the data.

**D.** Create one Amazon EMR cluster for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each cluster that uses server-sideencryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) to encrypt the data.
---

## Question 1004

A company hosts a website analytics application on a single Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instance. The analytics application is highly resilient and is designed to run in stateless mode.

The company notices that the application is showing signs of performance degradation during busy times and is presenting 5xx errors. The company needs to make the application scale seamlessly.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

**A.** Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the web application. Use the AMI to launch a second EC2 On-Demand Instance.Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute the load across the two EC2 instances.

**B.** Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the web application. Use the AMI to launch a second EC2 On-Demand Instance.Use Amazon Route 53 weighted routing to distribute the load across the two EC2 instances.

**C.** Create an AWS Lambda function to stop the EC2 instance and change the instance type. Create an Amazon CloudWatchalarm to invoke the Lambda function when CPU utilization is more than 75%.

**D.** Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the web application. Apply the AMI to a launch template. Create an Auto Scalinggroup that includes the launch template. Configure the launch template to use a Spot Fleet. Attach an Application Load Balancer to the Auto Scaling group.
---

## Question 1005

A company runs an environment where data is stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. The objects are accessed frequently throughout the day. The company has strict da ta encryption requirements for data that is stored in the S3 bucket. The company currently uses AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) for encryption.

The company wants to optimize costs associated with encrypting S3 objects without making additional calls to AWS KMS.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

**A.** Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3).

**B.** Use an S3 Bucket Key for server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) on the new objects.

**C.** Use client-side encryption with AWS KMS customer managed keys.

**D.** Use server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C) stored in AWS KMS.
---

## Question 1006

A company runs multiple workloads on virtual machines (VMs) in an on-premises data center. The company is expanding rapidly. The on-premises data center is not able to scale fast enough to meet business needs. The company wants to migrate the workloads to AWS.

The migration is time sensitive. The company wants to use a lift-and-shift strategy for non-critical workloads.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose three.)

**A.** Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to collect data about the VMs.

**B.** Use AWS Application Migration Service. Install the AWS Replication Agent on the VMs.

**C.** Complete the initial replication of the VMs. Launch test instances to perform acceptance tests on the VMs.

**D.** Stop all operations on the VMs. Launch a cutover instance.

**E.** Use AWS App2Container (A2C) to collect data about the VMs.

**F.** Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate the VMs.
---

## Question 1007

A company hosts an application in a private subnet. The company has already integrated the application with Amazon Cognito. The company uses an Amazon Cognito user pool to authenticate users.

The company needs to modify the application so the application can securely store user documents in an Amazon S3 bucket.

Which combination of steps will securely integrate Amazon S3 with the application? (Choose two.)

**A.** Create an Amazon Cognito identity pool to generate secure Amazon S3 access tokens for users when they successfully login.

**B.** Use the existing Amazon Cognito user pool to generate Amazon S3 access tokens for users when they successfully log in.

**C.** Create an Amazon S3 VPC endpoint in the same VPC where the company hosts the application.

**D.** Create a NAT gateway in the VPC where the company hosts the application. Assign a policy to the S3 bucket to deny anyrequest that is not initiated from Amazon Cognito.

**E.** Attach a policy to the S3 bucket that allows access only from the users' IP addresses.
---

## Question 1008

A company has a three-tier web application that processes orders from customers. The web tier consists of Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The processing tier consists of EC2 instances. The company decoupled the web tier and processing tier by using Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS). The storage layer uses Amazon DynamoDB.

At peak times, some users report order processing delays and halls. The company has noticed that during these delays, the EC2 instances are running at 100% CPU usage, and the SQS queue fills up. The peak times are variable and unpredictable.

The company needs to improve the performance of the application.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

**A.** Use scheduled scaling for Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to scale out the processing tier instances for the duration of peak usagetimes. Use the CPU Utilization metric to determine when to scale.

**B.** Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis in front of the DynamoDB backend tier. Use target utilization as a metric to determinewhen to scale.

**C.** Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution to cache the responses for the web tier. Use HTTP latency as a metric to determinewhen to scale.

**D.** Use an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling target tracking policy to scale out the processing tier instances. Use theApproximateNumberOfMessages attribute to determine when to scale.
---

## Question 1009

A company's production environment consists of Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday. The instances must run for only 12 hours on Sunday and cannot tolerate interruptions. The company wants to costoptimize the production environment.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

**A.** Purchase Scheduled Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase StandardReserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday.

**B.** Purchase Convertible Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase StandardReserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday.

**C.** Use Spot Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase Standard Reserved Instances for theEC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday.

**D.** Use Spot Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase Convertible Reserved Instances forthe EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and Saturday.
---

## Question 1010

A digital image processing company wants to migrate its on-premises monolithic application to the AWS Cloud. The company processes thousands of images and generates large files as part of the processing workflow.

The company needs a solution to manage the growing number of image processing jobs. The solution must also reduce the manual tasks in the image processing workflow. The company does not want to manage the underlying infrastructure of the solution.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

**A.** Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with Amazon EC2 Spot Instances to process the images. ConfigureAmazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to orchestrate the workflow. Store the processed files in Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS).

**B.** Use AWS Batch jobs to process the images. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate the workflow. Store the processed files inan Amazon S3 bucket.

**C.** Use AWS Lambda functions and Amazon EC2 Spot Instances to process the images. Store the processed files in Amazon FSx.

**D.** Deploy a group of Amazon EC2 instances to process the images. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate the workflow. Storethe processed files in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume.
---

## Question 1011

A company's image-hosting website gives users around the world the ability to up load, view, and download images from their mobile devices. The company currently hosts the static website in an Amazon S3 bucket.

Because of the website's growing popularity, the website's performance has decreased. Users have reported latency issues when they upload and download images.

The company must improve the performance of the website.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort?

**A.** Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the S3 bucket to improve the download performance. Enable S3 TransferAcceleration to improve the upload performance.

**B.** Configure Amazon EC2 instances of the right sizes in multiple AWS Regions. Migrate the application to the EC2 instances.Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute the website traffic equally among the EC2 instances. Configure AWS Global Accelerator to address global demand with low latency.

**C.** Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution that uses the S3 bucket as an origin to improve the download performance.Configure the application to use CloudFront to upload images to improve the upload performance. Create S3 buckets in multiple AWS Regions. Configure replication rules for the buckets to replicate users' data based on the users' location. Redirect downloads to the S3 bucket that is closest to each user's location.

**D.** Configure AWS Global Accelerator for the S3 bucket to improve network performance. Create an endpoint for theapplication to use Global Accelerator instead of the S3 bucket.
---

## Question 1012

A company runs an application in a private subnet behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in a VPC. The VPC has a NAT gateway and an internet gateway. The application calls the Amazon S3 API to store objects.

According to the company's security policy, traffic from the application must not travel across the internet.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

**A.** Configure an S3 interface endpoint. Create a security group that allows outbound traffic to Amazon S3.

**B.** Configure an S3 gateway endpoint. Update the VPC route table to use the endpoint.

**C.** Configure an S3 bucket policy to allow traffic from the Elastic IP address that is assigned to the NAT gateway.

**D.** Create a second NAT gateway in the same subnet where the legacy application is deployed. Update the VPC route table touse the second NAT gateway.
---

## Question 1013

A company has an application that runs on an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster on Amazon EC2 instances. The application has a UI that uses Amazon DynamoDB and data services that use Amazon S3 as part of the application deployment.

The company must ensure that the EKS Pods for the UI can access only Amazon DynamoDB and that the EKS Pods for the data services can access only Amazon S3. The company uses AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).

Which solution meals these requirements?

AmazonS3FullAccess policy to the data services account and the Amazon DynamoDBFullAccess policy to the UI service account.

Accounts (IRSA) to provide access to the EKS Pods for the UI to Amazon S3 and the EKS Pods for the data services to DynamoDB.

**A.** Create separate IAM policies for Amazon S3 and DynamoDB access with the required permissions. Attach both IAM policiesto the EC2 instance profile. Use role-based access control (RBAC) to control access to Amazon S3 or DynamoDB for the respective EKS Pods.

**B.** Create separate IAM policies for Amazon S3 and DynamoDB access with the required permissions. Attach the Amazon S3IAM policy directly to the EKS Pods for the data services and the DynamoDB policy to the EKS Pods for the UI.

**C.** Create separate Kubernetes service accounts for the UI and data services to assume an IAM role. Attach the

**D.** Create separate Kubernetes service accounts for the UI and data services to assume an IAM role. Use IAM Role for Service
---

## Question 1014

A company needs to give a globally distributed development team secure access to the company's AWS resources in a way that complies with security policies.

The company currently uses an on-premises Active Directory for internal authentication. The company uses AWS Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts that support multiple projects.

The company needs a solution to integrate with the existing infrastructure to provide centralized identity management and access control.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

**A.** Set up AWS Directory Service to create an AWS managed Microsoft Active Directory on AWS. Establish a trust relationshipwith the on-premises Active Directory. Use IAM rotes that are assigned to Active Directory groups to access AWS resources within the company's AWS accounts.

**B.** Create an IAM user for each developer. Manually manage permissions for each IAM user based on each user's involvementwith each project. Enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA) as an additional layer of security.

**C.** Use AD Connector in AWS Directory Service to connect to the on-premises Active Directory. Integrate AD Connector withAWS IAM Identity Center. Configure permissions sets to give each AD group access to specific AWS accounts and resources.

**D.** Use Amazon Cognito to deploy an identity federation solution. Integrate the identity federation solution with the on-premises Active Directory. Use Amazon Cognito to provide access tokens for developers to access AWS accounts and resources.
---

## Question 1015

A company is developing an application in the AWS Cloud. The application's HTTP API contains critical information that is published in Amazon API Gateway. The critical information must be accessible from only a limited set of trusted IP addresses that belong to the company's internal network.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

**A.** Set up an API Gateway private integration to restrict access to a predefined set of IP addresses.

**B.** Create a resource policy for the API that denies access to any IP address that is not specifically allowed.

**C.** Directly deploy the API in a private subnet. Create a network ACL. Set up rules to allow the traffic from specific IP addresses.

**D.** Modify the security group that is attached to API Gateway to allow inbound traffic from only the trusted IP addresses.
